Add some documentation on usage (#37)
swift-nav/ntripping: README.md

            --url <url>             [default: na.skylark.swiftnav.com:2101/CRS]

Different resources can be requested from different locations. By default, a San
Francisco latitude, longitude, and height will be used. The data returned is in RTCM format.

> The `--url` must be formatted as such: `{username}:{passsword}@{area}.skylark.swiftnav.com:{port}/{mountpoint}`, 
> where `username` and `password` refer to the user's [device registry](https://device-registry.cs.swiftnav.com/#/)
> username and password. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `--url` must be formatted as such: `{username}:{passsword}@{area}.skylark.swiftnav.com:{port}/{mountpoint}`, 
where `username` and `password` refer to the user's NTRIP username and password -- for Swift Skylark users
this can be looked up from the Device Registry (internal to Swift).
```

> For example, if a user named John Doe has registed for a username of `john.doe` and password of `pa$$w0rd`
> at the [device registry](https://device-registry.cs.swiftnav.com/#/) and wants to query for OSR data at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if a user named John Doe has registered for a username of `john.doe` and password of `pa$$w0rd`
and wants to query for OSR data at
```

            --url <url>             [default: na.skylark.swiftnav.com:2101/CRS]

Different resources can be requested from different locations. By default, a San

> Francisco latitude, longitude, and height will be used. The data returned is in RTCM format.

Reviewer 2: > The data returned is in RTCM format.

NTRIP can return other protocols, like BINEX. So this isn't true.

Author: Is there a way to specify the protocol you want returned? It wasn't obvious what the default format was, or how to get that information.

Reviewer 2: You can read up the NTRIP protocol - it goes through how information that a NTRIP caster provides and in what format a source provides through a source table. There is no default format and there is no way to specify the format you want returned - it's part of the source information captured in the source table. This tool is definitely expecting some familiarity around using NTRIP - we shouldn't repeat general NTRIP documentation here.

Author: Added a link to the NTRIP protocol and removed this

> The `--url` must be formatted as such: `{username}:{passsword}@{area}.skylark.swiftnav.com:{port}/{mountpoint}`, 

Reviewer 2: This is a skylark-ism and should be removed. This is a general NTRIP client, not a skylark client. Things like `{area}` are not applicable to a general NTRIP client. Further, the description of the resource is kind of redundant to the convention specified here: https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc1738#section-3.1.

Author: Generalized this

where `username` and `password` refer to the user's NTRIP username and password -- for Swift Skylark users
this can be looked up from the Device Registry (internal to Swift). Internal Swift Skylark users

> can also lookup the various Skylark endpoints and mountpoints in our documentation.

Reviewer 2: Purge all of the swift internal stuff. This is a general NTRIP client.

> [here](https://swift-nav.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/ENG/pages/399902820/Skylark+Endpoints+Mountpoints).

Reviewer: Let's move the device registry and skylark specific mointpoint instructions to an internal wiki and point to it from here (noting that it's Swift internal just in case a customer sees and tries the link).

For example, if a user named John Doe has registered for a username of `john.doe` and password of `pa$$w0rd`

> and wants to query for OSR data at

Reviewer 2: NTRIP returns sources of information from mountpoints - OSR data here is not an applicable term.

Different resources can be requested from different locations. By default, a San
Francisco latitude, longitude, and height will be used.

The `--url` must be formatted as such: `{username}:{passsword}@{url}`, 

> where `username` and `password` refer to the user's NTRIP username and password.

Reviewer 2: username and password are optional - some casters don't require accounts. And you can specify a username without a password and a password without a username.

`[[{username}]:[{passsword}]@]{url}`

For example, if a user named John Doe has registered for a username of `john.doe` and password of `pa$$w0rd`
and wants to query the GNSS data at this location in North America: `(lat: 37.831235 deg, lon: -122.286484, height: -17.425m)`,
he will use the following command:
```

> ntripping -v --height -17.425 --lat 37.831235 --lon -122.286484 --url john.doe:pa$$w0rd@na.skylark.swiftnav.com:2101/CRS

Reviewer 2: can this be changed to something not referencing skylark and swiftnav:

```
john.doe:pa$$w0rd@example.com:2101/MNT
```
